What made me kneel down and apologize to him?
Why don't you want to?
This investment today
Forget it, Dad
Go away daddy daddy
Please calm down
Please sit first
Fat girl
Why don't I go and apologize to the manager first?
This tobacco business is mine
The way is what I think
Why should I apologize to them?
I need the money.
Otherwise, how do you do this business?
I'll go, I'll go.
Ah, I'm sorry, sister.
Didn't you hear what I said?
kneel down
Sister is sister, it was wrong before
I hope my sister will forgive me.
If you are small, you must look small.
Get up.
Yes, sister.
Today's humiliation
I will definitely pay it back
Dad
You see the money has arrived, right?
Let's discuss the investment again
Or forget the mortgage
Beichen, how about you?
I know my situation.
If you are still Kim Pyongchen's lone army
Then this mortgage
We definitely don't want it.
Look, you are not now.
The figures along the way
Although it gets better
But the stakes are high.
I can't take 100,000 ocean
Accompany you on an adventure
That being the case
What bottom do you want?
Just take your Gu family's house and go
What!